https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Wikibooks:Contact_us
Wikibooks:Contact us From Wikibooks, open books for an open world Jump to navigation Jump to search Contents 1 IRC 2 Mailing Lists 3 Email 4 Bug Reports and Feature Requests Welcome to Wikibooks! If you are new to Wikibooks please visit our welcome page for a quick introduction to the project. Most general discussion takes place on-wiki in the reading rooms. See Wikibooks:Reading room for an overview of these. If your question or comment is about a particular page, then use the Discussion link that is displayed when you are viewing that page (it is by default in one of the tabs near the top-left of the page). If you are the owner of content that is being used on Wikibooks without your permission, please read our copyrights policy for information about how to have the issue resolved. IRC Real-time conversation takes place on several IRC channels at Freenode. This is often the fastest way to contact other contributors. Keep in mind that IRC conversations aren't archived. Consider discussing things that need consensus on-wiki so that others can read up on and understand the rationale for decisions made. Connect to irc.freenode.net with your IRC client and /join one or more of the channels listed below. If you don't already have one, consider registering a freenode nickname. Firefox users can try ChatZilla. Wikipedia has a large comparison of IRC clients. If you're behind a proxy or want to connect within any browser, you can use freenode's web chat page. Learn more by reading the IRC chapter in our very own Internet Technologies book. #wikibooks is the main channel. #cvn-wb-en reports possible vandalisms in recent changes. If there is no bot in the channel, ask for one at #countervandalism. CVN/Bots provides help on using counter-vandalism bots. #en.wikibooks on irc.wikimedia.org tracks recent changes. Related project channels #wikimedia is for discussions concerning the Wikimedia Foundation #wikimedia-admin is for cross-wiki admin cooperation (private; ask Az1568 for access) #wikimedia-tech is for discussing issues with the Wikimedia servers #wikimedia-labs is for discussions concerning the Wikimedia Labs. #mediawiki is for MediaWiki software development and support. #mediawiki-es is for MediaWiki support in Spanish. Mailing Lists The Wikimedia Foundation maintains several mailing lists that can be used to discuss the Wikibooks projects and other issues. Reporters and others who wish to get in touch with the project are encouraged to send an email to our mailing list. Many people subscribe to the mailing lists who do not check messages on Wikibooks regularly. You must be subscribed to the mailing list if you wish to send emails to it. Wikibooks has two mailing lists for general users and administrators. Mailing lists are available in a number of formats: via a web archive, by email, or by NNTP using the mail-to-news gateway GMANE. Mailing list posts are indexed by search engines such as Google. Offsite archives of Wikibooks's mailing lists can be found at GMANE and MARC. textbook-l (archive, via NNTP) - for discussing Wikibooks in general foundation-l (archive, via NNTP) - for high-traffic discussions concerning the Wikimedia Foundation and all the projects. Technical mailing lists wikitech-l (archive, via NNTP) - for software development and Wikimedia maintenance mediawiki-announce (archive, via NNTP) - for low-traffic announcements of new MediaWiki releases and security updates. (read-only) mediawiki-l (archive, via NNTP) - for announcement and help for people using the software to run other wikis The Wikimedia Foundation operates a number of other mailing lists as well: http://mail.wikipedia.org Email You can send questions, notifications of copyright problems, and other issues to infowikibooks.org. Bug Reports and Feature Requests You should first search existing entries to get started. You can then report bugs and suggest features related to the MediaWiki software. MediaWiki uses a customized version of Phabricator to track bug reports (learn more). Bugs and feature requests not directly related to the MediaWiki software should be discussed in the technical reading room. Note that unlike before, you do not have to create a new account to file a bug report at Phabricator; just use your Wikibooks (or your unified Wikimedia) account at Phabricator. Retrieved from "https://en.wikibooks.org/w/index.php?title=Wikibooks:Contact_us&oldid=3436856" Category: Wikibooks Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Discussion for this IP address Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main Page Help Browse Cookbook Wikijunior Featured books Recent changes Donations Random book Using Wikibooks Community Reading room Community portal Bulletin Board Help out! Policies and guidelines Contact us Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item In other languages Català Dansk Deutsch ????? Magyar Italiano Polski Português ?? Edit links Sister projects Wikipedia Wikiversity Wiktionary Wikiquote Wikisource Wikinews Wikivoyage Commons Wikidata Print/export Create a collection Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons Meta-Wiki Wikinews Wikipedia Wikiquote Wikiversity Wikivoyage Wiktionary This page was last edited on 19 June 2018, at 04:42. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License.; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Privacy policy About Wikibooks Disclaimers Developers Cookie statement Mobile view