https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/Wikibooks:Reading_room/Bulletin_Board
Wikibooks:Reading room/Bulletin Board From Wikibooks, open books for an open world < Wikibooks:Reading room Jump to navigation Jump to search ArchivesWikibooks Discussion Rooms Discussions Assistance Requests General | Proposals | Projects | Featured books General | Technical | Administrative Deletion | Undeletion | Import | Permissions Shortcut: WB:BB Have a significant announcement? Post it! See an announcement that is wrong? Edit it! Contents 1 Latest Bulletins 2 RfC: Plans to graduate the New Filters on Watchlist out of beta 3 Postponement of the deployment of the New Filters on Watchlist 4 Re-scheduled deployment of the New Filters on Watchlist Latest Bulletins July 2018 Leaderboard sysop request is going on at Requests for permissions. All users are encouraged to participate. Leaderboard (discuss • contribs) 16:58, 14 July 2018 (UTC) June 2018 Mathmensch's sysop request is going on at Requests for permissions. All users are encouraged to participate. Leaderboard (discuss • contribs) 06:32, 5 June 2018 (UTC) RfC: Plans to graduate the New Filters on Watchlist out of beta Collaboration team is announcing plans to graduate the New Filters for Edit Review out of beta on Watchlist by late June or early July. After launch, this suite of improved edit-search tools will be standard on all wikis. Individuals who prefer the existing Watchlist interface will be able to opt out by means of a new preference. The New Filters introduce an easier yet more powerful user interface to Watchlist as well as a whole list of filters and other tools that make reviewing edits more efficient, including live page updating, user-defined highlighting,the ability to create special-purpose filter sets and save them for re-use and (on wikis with ORES enabled) predictive filters powered by machine learning. If you’re not familiar with the New Filters, please give them a try on Watchlist by activating the New Filters beta feature. In particular, it would be very helpful if you can test the new functionality with your local gadgets and configurations. The documentation pages provide guidance on how to use the many new tools you’ll discover. Over 70,000 people have activated the New Filters beta, which has been in testing on Watchlist for more than eight months. We feel confident that the features are stable and effective, but if you have thoughts about these tools or the beta graduation, please let us know on the project talk page. In particular, tell us if you know of a special incompatibility or other issue that makes the New Filters problematic on your wiki. We’ll examine the blocker and may delay release on your wiki until the issue can be addressed. - -Kaartic (discuss • contribs) 16:54, 5 June 2018 (UTC) Postponement of the deployment of the New Filters on Watchlist There was a recent announcement about the plans to graduate the New Filters for Edit Review out of beta for this Wiki. It stated that the deployment would happen by late June or early July. Since that announcement, we received feedback about a performance issue related to the change which is being actively worked upon. As a consequence, the deployment is postponed until further notice. Sorry for the inconvenience caused, if any. Please let us know of any other issues or special incompatibility that you may face so that we could make sure they are solved before the feature gets deployed. Thanks, Kaartic (discuss • contribs) 15:18, 27 June 2018 (UTC) Re-scheduled deployment of the New Filters on Watchlist There was a recent announcement about the plans to graduate the New Filters for Edit Review out of beta for this Wiki. The deployment was stalled to fix the performance issue related to the change. The performance of the new interface has been improved significantly as an outcome of the work by the developers [1]. So, the deployment has been re-scheduled. The deployment is scheduled for this wiki on July 9th 2018, 18:00-19:00 UTC. Please let us know of any other issues or special incompatibility that you may face so that we could make sure they are solved before the feature gets deployed. -- Kaartic (discuss • contribs) 20:03, 7 July 2018 (UTC) December 2017 Jusjih's sysop request is going on at Requests for permissions. All users are encouraged to participate. --Jusjih (discuss • contribs) 05:37, 24 December 2017 (UTC) July 2017 A rendering server for exporting wikibooks to other formats is now up and running. Available output formats are Epub, Odt, LaTeX and PDF. The system is quite easy to operate and just requires an URL to the wikibook you want to export. http://mediawiki2latex.wmflabs.org/ --Dirk Hünniger (discuss • contribs) 13:19, 6 July 2017 (UTC) May 2017 Hi everyone, the main technology we’re using to render PDFs on Wikimedia wikis – OCG – is breaking down. The code is old, it’s difficult to maintain, and if we don’t replace it now we might suddenly find ourselves in a situation where we'd have to take it down without having planned to do so. We have some plans for the future at mw:Reading/Web/PDF Functionality. If you care about the PDF function, please head over there and tell us on the talk page if anything is missing from those plans, or if there’s something in there we shouldn’t spend our time and energy on. /Johan (WMF) (discuss • contribs) 22:20, 18 May 2017 (UTC) December 2016 Export from Wikibooks to other formats works again. Since the rewrite of the collection system in 2014 many output options were lost. I am happy to announce that most of them are now available again in the mediawiki2latex system. You can choose the output format between PDF, Epub, Odt, HTML and LaTeX. Unfortunately operating mediawiki2latex requires something close to a computer science degree. So just drop me a line and I will upload the files you need. Dirk Hünniger (discuss • contribs) 09:14, 27 December 2016 (UTC) July 2016 JackPotte has successfully received sysop permissions after consensus at Requests for permissions. JackPotte (discuss • contribs) 07:29, 26 July 2016 (UTC) July 2016 JackPotte's sysop request is going on at Requests for permissions. All users are encouraged to participate. JackPotte (discuss • contribs) 20:29, 9 July 2016 (UTC) March 2015 Atcovi has successfully received sysop permissions after consensus at Requests for permissions. Congratulations to him!--Leaderboard (discuss • contribs) 12:52, 11 March 2015 (UTC) March 2015 Atcovi's sysop request is going on at Requests for permissions. All users are encouraged to participate. Last date :- 13 March 2015.--Leaderboard (discuss • contribs) 07:53, 7 March 2015 (UTC) February 2015 Wikidata is now available to manage the interwiki links and get some common data between the wikis in Lua. JackPotte (discuss • contribs) 13:08, 1 March 2015 (UTC) June 2014 There is a website on the WikiMedia Foundation Labs that lets you create PDF Versions of Wikibooks. The PDFs are generated by xelatex which is the same technology as the one used for the print on demand versions you can buy using the wikibooks book generator, with the advantage that you can actually access the PDF document as well as the xelatex file for free instead of just the printed book for a fee. --Dirk Hünniger (discuss • contribs) 17:30, 14 June 2014 (UTC) April 2014 A discussion about Xania's Check User nomination is taking place at Requests for permissions. Wikibooks users are invited to participate. June 2013 I've created a Request for Comment on my planned extension for my Google Summer of Code project ("Improve support for book structures"). Any feedback on this would be much appreciated! – GorillaWarfare (talk) 19:35, 24 June 2013 (UTC) January 2013 I've launched a discussion in the proposals reading room talking about the possibility of implementing LRMI and schema.org metadata on Wikibooks. More details to be found here :) Maximilian.Klein.LRMI (discuss • contribs) 18:45, 15 January 2013 (UTC) Retrieved from "https://en.wikibooks.org/w/index.php?title=Wikibooks:Reading_room/Bulletin_Board&oldid=3442480" Category: Reading room Hidden category: Move-protected project pages Navigation menu Personal tools Not logged in Discussion for this IP address Contributions Create account Log in Namespaces Project page Discussion Variants Views Read View source View history More Search Navigation Main Page Help Browse Cookbook Wikijunior Featured books Recent changes Donations Random book Using Wikibooks Community Reading room Community portal Bulletin Board Help out! Policies and guidelines Contact us Tools What links here Related changes Upload file Special pages Permanent link Page information Wikidata item In other languages Az?rbaycanca ?????????? ????? ?eština Deutsch Français Bahasa Indonesia ??? Bahasa Melayu Polski Slovenš?ina Edit links Sister projects Wikipedia Wikiversity Wiktionary Wikiquote Wikisource Wikinews Wikivoyage Commons Wikidata Print/export Create a collection Download as PDF Printable version In other projects Wikimedia Commons MediaWiki Meta-Wiki Wikidata Wikipedia Wikiquote Wikisource Wikiversity Wiktionary This page was last edited on 14 July 2018, at 16:58. Text is available under the Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike License.; additional terms may apply. By using this site, you agree to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Privacy policy About Wikibooks Disclaimers Developers Cookie statement Mobile view